Add Logging to docs (#94)
opnsense/docs: source/manual/logging.rst

 **Intrusion Detection**   **Services->Intrusion Detection->Log File**   *Suricata Logs are here*
 **Network Time**          **Services->Network Time->Log File**          *NTP daemon logs*
 **Unbound DNS**           **Services->Unbound DNS->Log File**           *Unbound resolver logs can be found here*
 **Web Proxy**             **Services->Web Proxy->Log File**             *Squid logs can be found here, three tabs available*
========================= ============================================= ======================================================

.. Note::
   Log files on file system:
   /var/log/portalauth.log (clog)
   /var/log/dhcpd.log (clog)
   /var/log/dnsmasq.log (clog)
   /var/log/haproxy.log (clog)
   /var/log/ntpd.log (clog)
   /var/log/suricata.log (text)
   /var/log/suricata.syskig.log (clog)
   /var/log/resolver.log (clog)
   /var/log/squid.syslog.log (clog)
   /var/log/squid/access.log (text)
   /var/log/squid/cache.log (text)
   /var/log/squid/store.log (text)

------------
Circular Log
------------

Most of the core features log to circular log files so they will not grow bigger
then a predefined size. You can tune this value via **System->Settings->Logging**.

> There you can also disable the writing of logs to disk or reset them all.

Reviewer: Reading a log from the command line:

    # clog /path/to/log

Interactive tailing:

    # clog -f /path/to/log

Author: fixed

 **DHCPv4**                **Services->DHCPv4->Log File**                *DHCP events get logged here*
 **Dnsmasq DNS**           **Services->Dnsmasq DNS->Log File**           *The DNSmasq Forwarder logs*
 **HAProxy**               **Services->HAProxy->Log File**               *The logs of the Reverse Proxy*
 **Intrusion Detection**   **Services->Intrusion Detection->Log File**   *Suricata Logs are here*
 **Network Time**          **Services->Network Time->Log File**          *NTP daemon logs*
 **Unbound DNS**           **Services->Unbound DNS->Log File**           *Unbound resolver logs can be found here*
 **Web Proxy**             **Services->Web Proxy->Log File**             *Squid access.log, store.log and cache.log*
========================= ============================================= =============================================

.. Note::
   Log files on file system:
   /var/log/portalauth.log (clog)
   /var/log/dhcpd.log (clog)
   /var/log/dnsmasq.log (clog)
   /var/log/haproxy.log (clog)
   /var/log/ntpd.log (clog)
   /var/log/suricata.log (clog)
   /var/log/resolver.log (clog)

>    /var/log/squid.syslog.log (clog)

Reviewer: this is also a spurious file, better not to list it

Reviewer: yes, was removed in feb '18 https://github.com/opnsense/core/commit/64ad42d3498f#diff-83987cc3cb034035cd31901cf10701b9L54

Reviewer: neat, did this myself :>

==============
System Logging
==============

> When troubleshooting problems with your Firewall you are heavily constrained to 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When troubleshooting problems with your firewall, it's very likely you have to check
```

> the logs available on your system. Via the UI you can find them distributed within 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the logs available on your system. In the UI of OPNsense, the log files are generally grouped
```

> the depending Menues which are:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
with the settings of the component they belong to. The log files can be found here:
```

------
System 
------

============================= ================================ =============================================================
 **System Log**                **System->Log Files->General**   *Most of all system related events go here*
 **Backend / config daemon**   **System->Log Files->Backend**   *Here you can find logs for config generation of API usage*

>  **Web GUI**                   **System->Log Files->Web GUI**   *Lighttpd, the webserver of OPNsense itslef logs here*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 **Web GUI**                   **System->Log Files->Web GUI**   *Lighttpd, the webserver of OPNsense itself, logs here*
```

 **Firmware**                  **System->Firmware->Log File**   *Updates from the packaging system go here*
 **Gateways**                  **System->Gateways->Log File**   *All about gateway tracking*
 **Routing**                   **System->Routes->Log File**     *Routing changes or interface events*
============================= ================================ ============================================================= 

.. Note::
   Log files on file system:
   /var/log/system.log (clog)
   /var/log/configd.log (clog)
   /var/log/lighttpd.log (clog)
   /var/log/pkg.log (clog)
   /var/log/gateways.log (clog)
   /var/log/routing.log (clog)

----------
Interfaces 
----------

==================== ========================================== ===================================================================
 **Wireless**         **Interfaces->Wireless->Log File**         *When using wireless features of OPNsense you find the logs here*

>  **Point-to-Point**   **Interfaces->Point-to-Point->Log File**   *PPP dialup logs like PPPoE get's here*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 **Point-to-Point**   **Interfaces->Point-to-Point->Log File**   *PPP dialup logs like PPPoE are found here*
```

==================== ========================================== ===================================================================

.. Note::
   Log files on file system:
   /var/log/wireless.log (clog)
   /var/log/ppps.log (clog)

--------
Firewall 
--------

================ ===================================== =============================================================================

>  **Live View**    **Firewall->Log Files->Live View**    *Dynamically updateing windows of logs services search filter and coloring*

Reviewer 2: Not 100% sure what you're trying to say here. Could you explain it, so I can give a good recommendation?

 **Plain View**   **Firewall->Log Files->Plain View**   *Just the plain contents how **pf** logs into **filter.log** *
================ ===================================== =============================================================================

.. Note::
   Log files on file system:
   /var/log/filter.log (clog)

---
VPN
---

================= ============================ =====================================
 **IPsec Log**     **VPN->IPsec->Log File**     *Everything around IPsec goes here*
 **OpenVPN Log**   **VPN->OpenVPN->Log File**   *OpenVPN logs everything here*
================= ============================ =====================================

.. Note::
   Log files on file system:
   /var/log/ipsec.log (clog)
   /var/log/openvpn.log (clog)

--------
Services
--------

========================= ============================================= ======================================================

>  **Captive Portal**        **Services->Captive Portal->Log File**        *Events from Captive Portal goes here*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 **Captive Portal**        **Services->Captive Portal->Log File**        *Events from Captive Portal go here*
```

 **DHCPv4**                **Services->DHCPv4->Log File**                *DHCP events get logged here*
 **Dnsmasq DNS**           **Services->Dnsmasq DNS->Log File**           *The DNSmasq Forwarder logs*
 **HAProxy**               **Services->HAProxy->Log File**               *The logs of the Reverse Proxy*
 **Intrusion Detection**   **Services->Intrusion Detection->Log File**   *Suricata Logs are here*
 **Network Time**          **Services->Network Time->Log File**          *NTP daemon logs*
 **Unbound DNS**           **Services->Unbound DNS->Log File**           *Unbound resolver logs can be found here*

>  **Web Proxy**             **Services->Web Proxy->Log File**             *Squid logs can be found here, three tabs available*

Reviewer 2: It's better to explain what these three tabs contain.

========================= ============================================= =============================================

.. Note::
   Log files on file system:
   /var/log/portalauth.log (clog)
   /var/log/dhcpd.log (clog)
   /var/log/dnsmasq.log (clog)
   /var/log/haproxy.log (clog)
   /var/log/ntpd.log (clog)
   /var/log/suricata.log (text)

>    /var/log/suricata.syskig.log (clog)

Reviewer: I think this means suricata.syslog.log, but that file doesn't exist anymore and suricata.log is clog instead?

Author: Now it's ready .. you're right. I think there is more to add regarding syslog, but this is a good starting point.

   /var/log/resolver.log (clog)
   /var/log/squid.syslog.log (clog)
   /var/log/squid/access.log (text)
   /var/log/squid/cache.log (text)
   /var/log/squid/store.log (text)

------------
Circular Log
------------

Most of the core features log to circular log files so they will not grow bigger

> then a predefined size. You can tune this value via **System->Settings->Logging**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
than a predefined size. You can tune this value via **System->Settings->Logging**.
```

> There you can also disable the writing of logs to disk or reset them all.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There, you can also disable the writing of logs to disk or reset them all.
```

You can view the contents via CLI with:

.. code-block:: sh

    clog /path/to/log

or follow the contents via:

.. code-block:: sh

    clog -f /path/to/log

------
Syslog
------

> In **System->Settings->Logging** you can also set a remote log server where to send

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In **System->Settings->Logging** you can also set a remote log server to send
```

> your log files. Choose a **Source Address** if needed and set a **Remote Syslog Server**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
your log files to. Choose a **Source Address** if needed and fill in the **Remote Syslog Server** field.
```

> Via **Remote Syslog Contents** you can choose which kinds of logs to send.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Via **Remote Syslog Contents** you can choose which kind of logs to send.
```

-----------
Plugin Logs
-----------

> Many plugins have their own logs, via GUI you can find them it their own menu.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Many plugins have their own logs. In the UI, they are grouped with the settings of that plugin.
```
